Feature/sync endpoints (#2)
dropit-dev/fullstack-task: README.md

#### Welcome to Dropit's Fullstack Test

### Guidelines

* open the `back` and `front` projects separately in your IDE (so it can understand each project's context)
* use existing libraries and configuration if exists
* try to mimic the implemented architecture when adding content
* keep code clean and organized
* **either use the given BE implementation to add basic functionally with Kotlin, or implement the same functionality and structure with a language/framework of your choosing**

> * submit the task to [amira@dropitshopping.com](mailto:amira@dropitshopping.com)

Reviewer: Don't want my email there
```suggestion
* submit the task via mail or a private repo
```
